We'll come back and with functions you can actually call a function you can call a function within itself.
So basically that technique is called recursion.
It's going to show you an example of that.
So we would take what we do earlier where we have a secret word and we're putting some content into
our elements here.
So let's create a function.
So we created one for on click event where we're going to launch start.
So because actually this function is going to start our whole process where we're going to be prompting
and we're going to get a secret.
So let's let's set up a function in order to test our response here that we're going to get from the
prompt.
So we're going to test the value of the product to see if it's equal to the secret word.
And then within function.
So indirectly we're going to prompt and ask the user for what is the word and questionmark and then
down here we need to create one more function that's going to actually check and get a secret word.
So we're passing in parameters.
Let's call this secret
and we need to have a conditional statement so that conditional statement has to check to see if we've
got the word correct.
So we're passing it in as a volume here called secret and we need to compare it to see if it's equal
to what our secrets were.
Yes.
So what's the condition in order to do that so we're going to compare secret to see if it's equal to
a secret word.
And if it is then we know that we've got it correct and we're going to put it to the inner HMO and we
would say you are correct otherwise so lose an else.
So yes we basically want to initiate a prompt again and get the user to asked to be asked the same question.
So we have a choice here.
We can just do start and then we'll go to that function and we'll launch our function that we're here
or we could go directly with the function that's within start.
And this is kept secret within that secret and now maybe let's update this to say yes again.
And now let's try this out.
So start thinking What is the word.
So this time let me enter it in Java and now it says guessing games or javascript.
And yes again because it's case sensitive we've got to make sure that it's correct.
So there we go.
So it says you are correct.
So if you want to start again there we go.
We can try to guess the correct word once again
so well I want you to do now is.
Pause the video and update the script to have an array of possible words.
Pick a word out from the array randomly.
And so that way the script can be dynamic and have a selection of words that could be the secret word
and then let the user try a bunch of different words and keeping the recursion in there.
So we're calling back to the function within itself.
So I think that would be different is when we initially started thinking we're going to be adding in
the ability to pick a random word using from our array within start so go ahead and try that out and
I will show you the solution coming up so a solution is to transform this into an array so we know what
we can do that by updating and let's have a number of different possibilities here so see us as JavaScript
and H-2 mail and web site or something like that.
So it doesn't really matter we've got four words in there that we can make use of.
So what we want to do is when the user hits start that's what we want to pick the word that's going
to be the secret word and we need to pick actually random value here.
So let's set up this and say mystery number and this one right now we're just we're just going to clear
out the variable and then with it here whenever we start.
This is where we're going to use that mystery number and we need to use that in math.
So this is built into javascript gives us the ability to make random numbers so random.
So using math.
Random.
And we want to multiply it by.
We've got an array here and we want to do secret word length.
So this will actually give us a value of within the secret secret word length and Swing code to check
it.
All we need to do is add that in.
So we're actually not going to know what the word is.
So let's save this.
Refresh it.
And I believe I have to cancel out of this to refresh it.
So it's refreshed thinking and try this again.
So what is the word Let's try javascript and it's not javascript.
It's strange to so took him out so I guess us.
So let's see this.
Let's try a web site so that time it was Web site and we have the ability to play the game again like
game was so much fun that we're going to just continue to try it and this time let's see what the word
is.
So this time it was Javascript.
So this was again the last gust that I made.
So you could play the game multiple times and you can it's dynamic.
So if you add more words into the array than the script will adjust accordingly.
So you get the last one that I tried.
So have some fun with this.
Create some nice interesting secret words.
Try thinking for yourself and use make sure that you get used to using the recursion.
So basically that's calling the function within itself.
And this is really use in place of a loop.
So typically you might have a conditional statement here and then you've got the prompt again.
So this is a better way of doing that where you simply call back to that statement until you actually
get the result that you want and then you continue to loop through that function until you actually
get the correct result.
So that's one of the benefits of doing it this way.
As important to keep in mind that this actually it won't break out of your until we've actually hit
the right values so it will continue to have these prompts until the right value is set up.
So just like when you have loops you always think that there should really be a way out of it and always
having a way out of your your function is something that you should include as well.
And keep in mind.